# Summary 4
```two chunk paragraph```
## What teacher said?
Metaverse, also called Extended Reality(XR), is a combination of three different concepts. They are virtual reality(VR), augment reality(AR), and mixed reality(MR). The concept can be applied to lots of fields, including medicine, education, entertainment, and even the training of soldier. To make the concept more concrete, we need to know more about VR, AR, MR, and the difference between them. Virtual Reality integrates real-time computer processing, body tracking and interface devices, sensory displays to immerse a participant in a computer generated simulated environment. In the other words, VR creates the virtual world, and people can do lots of thing there. If we want to visit the VR world, we need some device to get into the world. For example, VR helmet, called HMD, is a way to join VR world. In HMD, it can invoke some cool feature. For example, through eye tracking, we can control the device without a physical controler. Another VR technique is CAVE system. This techique make the visitor into the big box. Inside the box, the VR world is surrounding, and visitors can enjoy their VR tour without an heavy VR helemnt. However, this device is too expensive to apply to the consumer usage. Augument Reality is a technique based on the real world. It mixed the virtual objects with view of real world. On the other word, the AR technique display the virtual thing in the real world. Mixed Reality is a mixed concept of VR and AR. It make the real world things more virtual, and the virtual things realer. The difference between AR, MR, VR is that VR is full virtual, AR is to show the virtual thing based on the reality, and MR is mixing the real environment and virtual environment.

## My opinion
The concept of Metaverse inspire my interest because it just like a movie or an anime, but it will be true. I look forward the fully immersive virtual reality device, and I can visit the world of sword and magic. Enjoying the sword skill and the magic power, I feel like I can do lots of thing. The only thing I don't wish to happen is that plenty of people trapped in the virtual world, and they can't escape until the world boss is beated. If this really happen on me, I will just live there hard because, on that time, the virtual world is reality for me.
